### What did you do this past week?
My project partner and I finished Project #2,
[Netflix](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/downing/cs373/projects/Netflix.html).
At the time of writing last week's blog post, we thought we were "done"
having spent about 5 hours on the project and achieving an RMSE of 0.97.
By the end of it, we actually spent about 20 hours - the extra time spent
writing unit tests and driving our RMSE down to 0.94, after coming to the
realization that people had put some very hard acceptance tests in the
public test repository. 

This is the first time where the competitive
nature of Professor Downing's projects (bonuses for acceptance tests
that break other people's code, penalties for tests that break yours)
have really come into play. Can't 100% confirm, but I heard that people
wrote scripts to automate the process of finding the hardest (high RMSE)
subsets of probe.txt...

I know some people don't like the
competitive nature of the class (especially when he releases ranks),
but I kind of do. It not only lets me see how I measure up to other
UTCS students, but also makes me strive to become a better
programmer.

### What's in your way?

For this coming week, not really that much. I have a test in another
class, but other than that, I have a lot of free time ahead. Its
sort of like a calm before a storm though - the week I have after is pretty
heavy, including the first test of the semester for this class.

### What will you do next week?

I'm gonna start studying for the test. I'm really curious about
the nature of the questions. In OOP, whenver we were asked to
write a function in class, we would usually end up having to do the
same on the tests. However, everything we've written in *this*
class have been pretty straightforward and short. I think
Professor Downing has asked us to write `map()` and `filter()`,
both of which are one-liners. I'm guessing that whatever we're gonna be
learning in the next two weeks will be more complicated.

### Tip of the Week

In [Comprehensions.py](https://github.com/gpdowning/cs373/blob/master/examples/Comprehensions.py),
Professor Downing used the `sorted()` function on a list of integers. It
made me wonder how it would work on a list of
user-defined classes. I TA for [CS 314](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~scottm/cs314/),
and in this past week's assignment, the students had to do exactly that:
sort an ArrayList of user-defined objects using `Collections.sort()`. To do
so, the user-defined class implemented Comparable, like so:

~~~java
public class UserDefinedClass implements Comparable<UserDefinedClass>
~~~

and then defined the `compareTo()` method, which returned an integer.

Python does something similar and also simpler. To make a user-defined class
"sortable", just implement `__lt__()` ("less than"). That's it. I tested an
example in this [repl.it session](https://repl.it/BopT/1).