### What did you do this past week?

Regarding the project, not much, honestly. I think it's because I'm a little
burnt out from the first two phases, and also, this phase doesn't seem to
require as much work as the previous two. A couple of my group members
implemented search on the backend, and today, I created and connected the
frontend side of things to that search.

It's not *completely* implemented yet, although you can perform a "search" on
[sweetmusic.me](http://sweetmusic.me) that will just return the top 5 rows
of every table. The searching stuff is written though, the functions aren't just
being called yet. I'm pretty confident that things will go smoothly though.


### What's in your way?

Thinking of something to do with the API of another group's project we have been
given. Their website contains two models and gives information about associations
between them. However, their API only provides information about *each* model,
and doesn't really allow a way of connecting the two, limiting what we can do
with it. 

### What will you do next week?

Finish phase 3. I'm glad that once this is done, there really won't be that much
else to do in this class besides study for the test, since the two weeks after
the due date are just project presentations.

### Tip of the Week

[gcolor2](http://gcolor2.sourceforge.net/) is a very simple but very helpful
tool I've been using a lot for this project (when working on the design). It's
basically the color picker tool used in most photo editing software (Adobe
Photoshop, GIMP, etc.), but you can use it on anything on your screen. 