### What did you do this past week?
My group and I began working on the project that will be the focus of this
class from here on out. We're going to be using
[Spotify's Web API](https://developer.spotify.com/web-api/) (and possibly other
APIs) to create a music database. So far, we only have a splash page, but its
a definite start (check out [sweetmusic.me](http://sweetmusic.me)!). 

It honestly just took us so long to figure out how to use
Rackspace's [Carina](https://getcarina.com/), a container environment. Over
the break, I figured out how to get a Flask application running using a VM,
because I had heard that that was what this project would involve.
In my first "Tip of the Week" I actually posted a link to a tutorial that walked
readers through how to do exactly that 
([Deploying a Flask Application Inside a Digital Ocean Droplet](http://blog.marksteve.com/deploy-a-flask-application-inside-a-digitalocean-droplet)).
I guess I was a little annoyed (and then frustrated, when things just wouldn't
work) at this change, but the point of this whole project is to learn new things
that are thrown at you. 


### What's in your way?

Nothing, at least for this week - its Spreak Break! I'm going to New Orleans
with friends for a few days which will be really fun, especially since we'll
be there during Saint Patrick's Day. At the moment, I'm home in Houston *sort
of* working on the project, but I'm going to force myself not to put in so much
time and effort into school, especailly during the only break we get before the
end of the school year.

### What will you do next week?

The week we get back, my group and I are going to give it our all on finishing
this project, since its due Thursday night. The requirements don't *seem* to
be very big and difficult things (maybe except the 2500 word technical report),
but there's a lot of little things - embedded media, well-designed navigation,
mobile-responsive, etc. 

### Tip of the Week
If you check out the "Getting Started" page on Bootstrap's website, the
[examples section](http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/#examples) has lot of
pre-made, bare-bones templates you can use to quickstart setting up the HTML
pages of your website.