### What did you do this past week?
This week, we took the first exam. I thought it was very fair, but a little more
difficult than I expected. I heard from multiple people that OOP's exams
(and the class in general) were harder than SWE's, and having gone through OOP
already, I walked into the exam room a bit less prepared than I should have
been. I also think a portion of my uncomfortableness with the test came from me
being a lot more confident with strongly-typed languages - all of 
Python's "magic-ness" makes me feel a little uneasy (I think the answers to
a couple of the coding questions were one-liners). 

Overall, however, I think I did well. There was one question on the exam that
caused me some trouble (I spent over half an hour on it), but other than that,
I feel alright about the rest. Professor Downing *really* knows how to test
your knowledge of the material. On the exam, we were forced to connect
concepts we learned almost a month ago to something we learned the day
before the exam. At least I think that's what he meant for us to do. I hope.

### What's in your way?

Finding a complete group and coming up with an idea for the big project.
Professor Downing already wants the project idea, example models, *and* data
sources that our project is going to use. Hopefully that can be done quickly
we can start some actual work on the project. 

### What will you do next week?

Anxiously wait for test grades to be released, and also go through everything
that's in my way. I want to at least have an
idea submitted and to do some work on it. 

On the Piazza post, Professor
Downing suggested that we pick people with "different strengths", and gave a
list: **_AngularJS_**, Apiary, **_Bootstrap_**, **_CSS_**, **_Flask_**, **_HTML_**,
**_JavaScript_**, MySQL, Nginx, PostgreSQL, **_Python_**, **_Rackspace_**, **_React_**,
RESTful API, and **_Virtualenv_**. I'm familiar with the ones emphasized, but
I also want to learn about the others. So I'll probably start on that, too.

### Tip of the Week
If Professor Downing asks you to write something in class, there's an
extremely high chance it will be on the exam. Except it will be a little
more complicated. 