### What did you do this past week?

*Finally* finished [the project](http://sweetmusic.me/#/)! After working so hard
on something for so long, I'm glad that we were finally able to turn it in and
get done with it. This phase took probably the least amount of work (on my part),
since another group member wrote the search functionality himself. It wasn't
that hard to connect the back-end search function to the front-end display, and
I'm happy with our results. 

Besides the project, we've been (lightly) going over software design patterns
in class, which I really enjoy learning about. I've heard of the terms
"singleton" and "factory" before, but didn't _actually_ know what they were, so
learning about them was nice.


### What's in your way?

Not much, for this class. We finished the phase 3 requirements that are due at
presentation time ([using someone else's API](http://sweetmusic.me/#/ildb) and
creating a presentation), so there's really not much work to be done in this
class once presentations start.

### What will you do next week?

I guess I should probably start studying for the second test, since I
unfortunately have three tests that same day. :) :) :)

Other than that, I really don't have much else left to do for this class, since
presentations start on Wednesday. I'm really excited to see them - I've look at
other groups' websites of course, but I'm really interested to see the
differences in the way they've done their projects (tools used, code structure,
etc.).

### Tip of the Week

I used [Angular Chart](http://jtblin.github.io/angular-chart.js/), a set of
native AngularJS directives, on our project's page where we use someone else's
API ([here](http://sweetmusic.me/#/ildb)). It's really easy to work with and
the graphs look pretty nice, too.