### What did you do this past week?
This week, we went over Python's "unpacking" mechanism and wrote
a Range Iterator. We also had a speaker - Conrad, a Software
Engineer at [Mutual Mobile](http://mutualmobile.com/) -
come in on Wednesday to give a presentation. 

I definitely had a couple of déjà vu moments this past week - last
semester, in OOP, we had also written a Range Iterator class
and listened to a presentation by Conrad. It was still nice
hearing Conrad's presentation a second time around, especially
since he did change some things. As for the Range Iterator class,
I wish I could say I knew exactly what to do when Professor Downing told
us to write it in class, seeing as I did it, like... last semester.
Unfortunately, my mind kind of drew a blank, but thankfully
the person I was working with knew how to do it.

Doing the Range Iterator in class made me wonder about how
similar this SWE exam will be to OOP's first exam.
If we're learning the same things just in different languages,
will the questions on the exams also be the same? (I really
doubt it, but that'd be pretty nice.)

### What's in your way?

Its my third year of college and I'm still really bad at
managing my time. I have a lot of extracurricular, non-academic
events this week and I'm trying to find a way to attend them
*and* be prepared for my tests on Thursday and Friday. 

### What will you do next week?

Study study study. And I'll make my cheat sheet. I'm actually
a little confused about the list of topics Professor Downing
posted on Piazza, because since the test will consist entirely
of writing Python code, why are the topics from the textbooks and
papers on there ("pair programming", "acceptance tests", etc.)?
I'm just gonna mainly focus on studying the code we've written
in class, as well as the examples in the 
[SWE code repository](https://github.com/gpdowning/cs373/tree/master/examples).

### Tip of the Week

In OOP, we did not write a Range Iterator on the exam, but
we wrote another kind of iterator. Leetcode has a
[Peeking Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/peeking-iterator/)
problem, which will probably be good practice for the exam.

I guess [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/) in and of itself is
also a good "tip of the week", if you haven't used it already.
When preparing for interviews
last semester, all I did was sort the [algorithms](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/)
page by problem difficulty from easiest to hardest, and worked
my way down the list. Practice on this website made me feel
so confident during my interviews, and I firmly believe
that it was the reason I got the internship offer that I
really wanted.